Rearranged examples with the current functionality (#30)
sunpy/sunkit-pyvista: changelog/30.trivial.rst

> Adds an example tutorial which deals with overplotting of the brightest pixel with :meth:`~sunkit_pyvista.plotter.SunpyPlotter.plot_coordinates`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added an example which deals with overplotting of the brightest pixel with :meth:`~sunkit_pyvista.plotter.SunpyPlotter.plot_coordinates`.
```
